# Summer Residents

Everyone knows that gardeners are strange people, almost the same as programmers. They build their country houses where it is not clear, and they grow there is not clear that it is not clear why. And how they get there is another story: who is on the bus, who is on the train, who is on the car, well, someone does walk on foot from home to the station. So do not be surprised if you suddenly find out that a certain gardening partnership is located on the island, and the summer residents get to it by plane. Yes, and on this island may not be the landing strip, so you can land on the island, only by jumping with a parachute (we really do not consider how they return home from cottages). Consider this unique case. The pilot always tries to disembark the parachutists in such a way that the summer residents land as close as possible to their rectangular areas. The pilot is interested to know: how many summer residents land on their plots? Help him solve this problem!

The first line of the input file INPUT.TXT contains a natural number N (1 ≤ N ≤ 1000) - the number of summer residents, followed by N lines, each of which describes the coordinates of each summer resident and its segment: XY X1 Y1 X2 Y2 X3 Y3 X4 Y4 where (X, Y) - the coordinates of the landing parachutist (X1, Y1, X2, Y2, X3, Y3, X4, Y4) - the coordinates of a rectangular section on the plane, indicated sequentially. All coordinates are integers not exceeding 50,000 in absolute value.

In the output file OUTPUT.TXT you need to display the number of summer residents who landed on their site. Hit on the border of the site is considered to hit the site.
